# Crypto Experiments

Hey all,

So this is my "blog" space. This is where you'll go to get any up to date information that is straight from the horse cock's mouth.

As you may be able to tell I'm a little bit laissez faire with the decorations. As a "full stack" developer I tend to laze it up on the presentation. I like to think my sites require no more than a bunch of pretty boxes with text and some buttons.

So what is going on for Alex D. in the coming future eh? Well, for starters, my contract (if it has not been voided by legal chicanery yet) that I first signed for porn ends this year. For your information, I signed a 7 year contract. Which to some seems like a frightfully long length of time but for me was more of the standard shit-I'll-never-finish challenge. I have very clearly not been a busy bee lately in the pictures. Long story short my agency did not play as well with others as they implied. But soon, who knows, maybe I'll start shopping around for a less over bearing management?

In the immediate and thus ongoing future for all of you are my crypto "experiments" as I shall like to call them. I am a computer programmer. When I am not fucking, which is basically all of the time like everyone else, I am programming. I have been playing with computers for as long as they have been around and my ghost will likely continue doing so long after I have gone. This "crypto thing" is a big deal. Straight from the horse cock's mouth. If you don't own any then quite plainly you are a fool. The most important aspect, however, is to learn what crypto is and why you may be considered a fool for not having done so sooner. I will let you all do so on your own at your own measure. The key aspect of crypto is to "do your own research" or DYOR. It's not a helpful saying if you are already an unknowing fool but the saying remains nonetheless. Unfool yourself until doing your own research is as commonplace as looking both ways before crossing the street. You appear less foolish walking into traffic when you know what traffic looks like, yes?

So to follow me into traffic you will have to learn what crypto looks like. You will be able to do so through my experiments at no charge or cost. This will be possible because I have decided for it to be so. I simply cannot trust you all to follow me into crypto traffic before teaching you how to look both ways without hurting yourself. So I will run a private network, a private blockchain. It does not cost me much if at all anything to do this. I will maintain my own private network, in all likelihood, forever or as long as I need to do so to run my projects with. This private network, when you come to understand, will have a sort of exact mimicry of a real network. So it will be very easy for me at points in my project's phases to transfer data from my private network to the real Ethereum mainnet or any other blockchain network I may need to use.

So in essence, there is a vast free layer that I will be providing as well as the potential to bridge any practiced or ethereal assets on my private network to a live (with real monies) blockchain network. This does not mean I can print Ethereum on my private network and send it to the live network like printing money from thin air, no. This means that any assets earned, such as an NFT representing an item or ownership of viewing/download rights for a file, may be retained throughout a project's transitions from a testing / development phase to a live / production phase. 

So what am I talking about here?

I'm currently working on several holiday themed projects and a few other specifically porn related blockchain endeavors. Each of these projects I will benefit from greatly by releasing first on my private network and then, if necessary, on a public test network or just straight to the mainnet somewhere. This will save us all costs from interacting with the blockchain while its technology improves and reduces gas costs overall over time. Each project essentially allows you to purchase items & content. These items can represent anything a game might need such as arrows, snowballs, or even a pumpkin. Content is represented as an image or video file. By owning "NFT Content" you own the ability to access, view, and download that file.

So immediately we're going to have an issue with 18+ over content being accessed or shared by potential children which I would get in trouble for if not providing adequate means to prevent. Which I can do quite easily. Do I just use the standard "click here to enter" page? Pshh. How do I know who is clicking that enter button? The main issue with the blockchain is that it is an immutable ledger. An immutable ledger is not a good storage solution for images and videos, so I wouldn't store content on a blockchain. I may use a solution such as IPFS, however, due to the nature of the content I may likely decide on a strategy where I personally host the content. This means I can easily make changes if required to by law (unlikely). What is naturally stored on the blockchain is also what is naturally used by the blockchain- addresses.

An Ethereum address looks like "0x62597EeE73B749070faBD0705d63732510Cb9853". A 0x with a bunch of numbers and letters after it. In practice, an address is used a lot like an email address or directions to a location. When you want to send ETH or any other token on the Ethereum network to that address you copy and paste the address in and quite simply send it to it. This address can be public information in the sense that you and I can give out our Ethereum addresses and not worry about any theft involved- the private key to your account or the seed phrase is what generates or creates this and other addresses you may have. You may create as many addresses for your private key / seed phrase as you need.

The important thing to know here is how private this information is. No one else knows your Ethereum addresses or any addresses you create for yourself and do nothing with. However, as soon as a transaction has been made to one of those addresses then it is easy to piece together who that address may belong to. For example, to purchase Ethereum it is typically necessary to go through a bank. The purchase from your card to the crypto exchange creates a connection from your bank account to the exchange. As soon as you make a transfer from the exchange to a private address that you have not used yet a connection can be made that the owner of the address at the exchange who sent it to the private address is also in fact the owner of the private address. This is basic tracing.

Why would you want to maintain address privacy? Or why would I want you to, perhaps? Well, my 18+ page requires that you "log in" with your Ethereum address. So I sorta need to know it but also not know you. I need to know it to put it into my system so that when you try to log in with your address it works. But I also don't need to know you I just need to trust that you are how old you say you are. Therefore, I must integrate basic KYC into my crypto experiments with age checks. And I can, easily.

You pass some other real company (not me)'s real KYC process (very real) that you supply an Ethereum address you own to and it only sends me an age and Ethereum address sent to my server. I don't know who's address I just know they're not a child. I upload it to experiment and voila, you're now allowed in and your privacy has been preserved.

With porn, I want to provide a basic layer of privacy by default that does not involve you requiring to know all these other extra steps to maintain your own basic privacy. There is no reason for worldwide entities to know your pornographic browsing habits. Period. So with that in mind I will be attempting to integrate my crypto experiments into society at a slow and careful crawl. My 1 warning is that in the beginning I have little privacy by default. It is private by large, but also circumventable, and for this I must take time myself to completely understand the upgrade process. Initially, each and any transaction you make in my system may be retraceable and for this I apologize. You can log in, so to speak, indefinitely in private. However, once you have sent funds to yourself in some way you will have "publicly KYC'd" yourself by linking your addresses. It doesn't do any harm really, unless you wanted to remain a little more anonymous with your spending habits.

To summarize, there's a lot of explaining to do simply to get most people on the first page onto the second page. Everyone reads at a different pace. I expect you all to struggle a lot, and that's fine. That's why I'm only accepting donations and stepping way back from any rip off potential. These are projects that I am absolutely working on until fruition. This is what brings me joy and satisfaction. Along the way hopefully there'll be plenty of nudes for you all to enjoy as well.

Some of you are aware of my Cupid Countdown / dating game auction already, for the new readers it is an example of one of my crypto "experiments". It is a sort of reverse auction for you to win a date night with me. It is my Valentine's day project. I also currently have Halloween and Christmas underway as well and I hope to have partnerships with other performers. I have been trying to stay in front of the "crypto tide" a little bit in the sense of warning my fellow performers not to take part in any endorsements for projects or whatnot because they are often as much the same victims of the pump and dumps as they make their fans to be. I'm the sole developer and sole porn star involved in my NFT projects and absolutely none of them are "just jpegs" or meant to be part of a get rich quick scheme.

I'm gonna make some porn mini games and I hope you enjoy them. To help that dream come true, do me a favor and take a gander at decentralized finance, metamask, paper wallets, etc and start hurting your head a little bit with the knowledge it'll take to safely participate.

Here are some quick links to my crypto related projects. These will be updated over time. I bounce around from projects to stay busy and the holiday projects act as easy deadlines to orient myself around for the rest. Projects that are in development do not have public facing sites. Projects that are in staging are deployed on my private network for testing and have a public facing site for you to interact with. Projects that are in production are relatively finished (should any of them get there).


| Calendar    | Status        || Name              || Link               |
|-------------|---------------|-|------------------|-|-------------------|
| ~           | Development   || DogeBoi           ||                    |
| ASAP        | Development   || LoveBoat          ||                    |
| February    | Staging       || Cupid Countdown   || [cc.skeetzo.com](//cc.skeetzo.com)   |
| October     | Development   || Pumpkin Fuck      ||                    |
| December    | Development   || Advent XMAS       ||                    |

---

Posted: 3/7/2022