# DD aka [Dick Distributor](https://dd.skeetzo.com)

tldr; Dick Distributor is a file sharing service that is 'powered' by the Ethereum blockchain. I'm still testing it out, so grab free coins for free nudes  
------

Dick Distributor is a Smart Contract and website / webapp. Smart contracts are a new kind of "agreement system" that are written in code and then stored online.  

Smart contracts are stored on the Ethereum blockchain and then 'ran' by the Ethereum Virtual Machine. The computer code is usually written to do specific things or create / use certain kinds of digital tokens which can be used for literally anything. There are also a few 'standards' emerging as this ecosystem continues to develop.  

Here are some links to examples of tokens and smart contracts:  
* [token prices](https://etherscan.io/tokens)
* [tokens explanation](https://blockgeeks.com/guides/ethereum-token/)
* [tokens beginners guide](https://blog.coinbase.com/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum-tokens-fbd5611fe30b)

So Dick Distributor is a smart contract that provides access to downloading a file. That's it. That's all this one does. If you send it Ethereum, it will give you a link to download a file. It doesn't create any tokens or have any way of accepting them- yet. Right now all it allows to happen is for you to send (me) ethereum, which is a currency, to the smart contract's address and immediately the smart contract will do the thing its built to do.  

The site allows you to enter a filename or key and search for a file on my file server. If the file exists it will provide a preview of the file aka a thumbnail. The file may be an image, a video, or a zip. A zip could have either images or video in it. So anything you'd be likely to jerk off to. 

Using the site requires having an Ethereum Wallet provider. A popular and easy to use provider is Metamask. There are browser extensions available for both Google and Firefox as well as a Mobile app.  
* [Metamask](https://faucet.metamask.io/)
* [Google Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/metamask/nkbihfbeogaeaoehlefnkodbefgpgknn?hl=en)
* [Firefox Extension](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ether-metamask/)

You can confirm that you are logged into an Ethereum account by checking if the address of your account is displayed on the page.  

Search for a file by name or key and if it exists a section to enter an amount with a 'Buy' button will appear. By this point in time the site will have probably asked that you log into / unlock your account through whichever provider you may be using. If you have installed the Metamask browser extension it should pop right up for you to log in and 'unlock' your wallet. The amount that you enter in for purchasing the file is the amount (in ethereum) that will be sent to the smart contract. When you hit 'Buy', Metamask (or whatever) will provide a pop up prompt for interacting with your wallet. There will be an amount you have entered plus an additional gas fee to either Confirm or Reject.  

The gas fee is the price that is paid to the ethereum network in exchange for processing the transaction. It's a small fraction paid to the miners (computers) doing the calculations that make the fancy smart contract magic happen. This fee flucuates over time but normally comes out as high as anywhere from $2-5 bucks. Paid to... the ones doing the work. Not bad in my opinion compared to being paid to random credit card behemoths. 

The extension may not automatically convert the cost of gas to USD. You can check the costs of the transaction at anytime by opening a google search with ["eth to usd"](https://www.google.com/search?q=eth+to+usd). As of writing this we're at a nice ratio of 0.0075 Ether to $10. A test transaction of .005 or $6.65 would have a gas fee of 0.000078 ether or 0.10 cents which is super cheap but also innacurate as the gas prices on the test network are not the same as the gas prices on the mainnet. The gas prices on the mainnet will be at least a couple bucks on average which is still incredibly ideal.

If you have entered in an amount and hit 'Buy' and you have confirmed the pop up in the Metamask to send from your account, it will send the ether to the smart contract's specific function for receiving ether. This will deposit the ether into the smart contract's balance. When your browser has received confirmation of sending ether successfully it will update with a 'Download' button that will allow you to download the file. DO NOT refresh your page while waiting for the 'Download' button to appear. An ethereum transaction takes anywhere from 10-20 seconds on average.

And that's it. The website's 'Buy' button calls the smart contract's 'purchase' function and when successful the site allows you to click a download button. Then you can download the file. Voila, a file sharing service.  

Right now I have the contract deployed to one of the test networks for the Ethereum blockchain. The test networks are maintained by sections of the Ethereum community and provide 'copies' of the Ethereum system to test things out on. Like with real monies they use fake test monies. So for a week or so I'm going to have the site operating more or less 'free'. I currently have a deployment on the 'ropsten' network. Anyone who wishes to 'purchase' a file may do so by going to a faucet for coins on the ropsten network. A 'fountain' is a website you can go to for free coins to test with to do so. These coins are not associated with any actual value and are provided by the community in the same way the community provides the ropsten test network itself.  

Here are some links to faucets that may be useful:  
* [worked for me](https://faucet.ropsten.be/)
* [didn't work for me](https://faucet.metamask.io/)

Within the Metamask browser extension you can change which 'network' that your wallet is using. In normal circumstances this would be the 'Ethereum Mainnet' which uses real ether. In this test circumstance you will need to select 'Ropsten Test Network'. This will allow the site to properly interact with your test wallet. The address does not change, however, the wallet knows which underlying blockchain network to interact with. Only the Mainnet uses real ether. My contract is NOT on the Mainnet yet. My contract is currently on the Ropsten Test Network.

Here are some file names and file keys that you can test with:  
* 20200924_180050.jpg : e8122325b882c3dc7160281174845d7599999a9a65963f72635c2a1d961e8ed9
* 9-28-2019_23_02.mp4 : 4347f1b6fea281f68f54c42b285219dcfe55799f8efca21708b4679b2d4f34a6
* balls.tar.gz 		: 206055bb65a228d90b2d15ac15b1fac6

And here are some links to help show you how the site works (or should be):  
* [dd.skeetzo.com/file/20200924_180050.jpg](https://dd.skeetzo.com/file/20200924_180050.jpg) *(broken)*
* [dd.skeetzo.com/file/9-28-2019_23_02.mp4](https://dd.skeetzo.com/file/9-28-2019_23_02.mp4)
* [dd.skeetzo.com/file/balls.tar.gz](https://dd.skeetzo.com/file/balls.tar.gz) *(broken)*

If you'd like to simply send me real Ethereum in support of this project here's a public address to do so:  
**0x1aeEd065d23BA616bb82c7c4FF2635EAAD02a183**

Eventually I'll have the contract deployed on the main network, ideally within a week or two. If anything bugs out along the way be sure to let me know via email at <WebmasterSkeetzo@gmail.com>

---

Archived: 3/7/2022